not like uber quick but you know
sometime in the next few months yeah
definitely that's always a good time to
see these top players go at it and now
marine has those Guardians
so Hardy gonna be slightly prepare for
this he doesn't the rates he's gonna try
to get those tanks out of there and kill
and target fighters from guardians here
take down what he can but those four
colonies and honestly Marine doing a
good job keeping the tearing out of his
base great job
he has a great spore and sunken ratio
with his Guardians you know that's just
a great niche
yeah there's no real weakness the way
that he got his economy damaged twice
it's a good job that he's even this big
and this end of the game so credit
marine for just hanging in there and
making this still a game and Hardy's now
his next Hardee's get into that critical
mass point where he's just gonna start
being able to come home
and Isis gonna try and stay in range
this smart Katya stillness race can't
come in there and I was just assassinate
the Guardians I don't see you to father
Dan coming down for marine you must not
think he has enough gas yet to pump out
the fire is what she's probably true
hole in the Scourge to memory just badly
- he wants to make sure no Bessel's or
anything yeah he's got those scourge
ready in case the vessel comes flying
and he can take it down but he's got to
where I'm pretty sure he has poor all
created and everything Hardy doing a
good job here with the macro sometimes
when you +1 with Terry you're trying to
take push it's hard to stay broke hard
to keep everything Mac Road and micro
that wants when your economy is so big
but hard you're doing a good job here so
far actually soon a great job look at
his I mean just look at his tech
advantage and we're only a 10 minutes 40
seconds to this game and look at his
supply under 77 188 that's a well yeah I
mean there's only a 70 supply here and
now here comes that critical mass I was
talking about the point where Hardy
reaches his critical mass where you can
just really start pumping an army and I
think Marines gonna be okay with the
amount of defensive structures he has
here that's such a wide sunken yeah
he's so tough to break and then the
guardians behind it that's just I mean
yeah so hard to break in scores grace I
mean it's some great wine has going on
party is one one of the upgrades and I
don't think marine has a single upgrade
for anything yet I don't even see how
hydras dead oh there they are and
there's the Defiler that I knew that had
be coming soon
if you're making any kind of art even
I'll just paint this picture beautiful
job great defensive I mean his I mean
even though his unit counts roll low
it's the offense carries
I expected Hardy to just run away with
this game after he ran those Marines
past and and and just SWA stirred marine
like that early in the game I expected I
already just drive that advantage home
and win this game in about eight or nine
minutes but
marine is still definitely in this game
this is nowhere near over really I mean
it's I mean hard he does have the
advantage and by the way huh look how
many SCV's he has building while he's
massing here is there's a great resource
management 1,000 minerals and under a
hundred gas so already really doing a
good job with the economy here in the
macro oh he's coming in trying for an
already eight Marine yes he's using the
screws let's see if he gets it off I
think he's gonna get - OH
already trying to dodge you why don't
they just try to I think there's a gas
oh he only lost two drones about already
eight
that's a great play yeah so marine doing
a good job that was an advantage for
marine right there
but now Hardy is really starting to just
get an enormous face he's got about
eight SCV's building right now yeah in
about a minute and a half
no actually minute 10 seconds I'd say
there's gonna be a never-ending supply
of tyranny of entry running into the
third base for the rest of the game and
he's gonna have a ton of vessels with a
radiate and that's so hard when when
you're xored and they have just ten
vessels and all your Guardians just die
I mean once they all Splash Damage each
other yeah and Guardians move grandma
slow yeah they do uber gramma speed
walking down a ramp
believe just now since four counties
he's trying to go with a Guardians for
County Army
it looks pretty a few more seconds would
be nice and everybody I mean he's
already done such a great job with
evening out and this is just a great
deed things like much Jeremy can turn
some flowers see how fast these men are
falling listen keep up my macros macro
and will fall down about one to one
yeah about BM 3140 yeah yeah but we'll
be literally reimburse people needs a
lot more hatcheries than this if he's
gonna keep up with what I just heard
already a guardian that's what spikes
would happen all these guardians are
slowly the hydros had a nice extra
element to this base Marie knows that
he's trying to add hatcheries if he's
gonna keep up with a base this size he
needs to be getting more hatcheries down
and a better economy I don't see how
he's gonna win this game when he's got
you know seven hatcheries or whatever
that is
he's just gonna need way more than that
Hardy's just gonna be coming non-stop
and let's cook on the hubs for the
Murray I don't word he actually like
some pretty spec as well the Marines are
gonna be two two here and about you know
one minute and I don't see any upgrades
from marine yet he's still just trying
to get those this they're trying to get
his base and an economy established but
it's going to be so hard but this
never-ending tear and right next to you
this she's gonna keep macro you already
just doing a great job with the
economies under a thousand on both
resources of course marine marina system
as soon as well yeah
yep gasps like I said though he's too
rich to have the 2500 minerals he
doesn't have enough hatcheries he needs
to be adding a lot more hatcheries we
said to keep up with that Tarun Mack
and you agree with parties to ASA claim
this to a longer set gamer I'll say
mid-range game I mean he's got the spots
you know he's right next to Missouri
don't he's worried about late-game he's
ready that slow and steady and he used
to I wish himself for the advantage or
at least I don't think he was too
worried to play to play a game Bruce
Menino and in all honesty yesterday I
think Hardy is confident in his ability
to take it late game against marine I
think he feels he's the better they came
player yeah well you can't if you want
to stand up with marine you I mean the
only chance you I have is good night you
can't leave you at his own game you
can't rush just make sense
yeah see marine is the most aggressive
player really in the fastest community
so mid-range action probably about I
mean I think it's I think it's a pretty
consensus feeling that marine is the
best player at early game
I don't know anybody that's been as
dominant as marine early game so hard he
really didn't care about taking this to
a long game I think he feels that's an
advantage for
and of course we're sending out all
planes and hopefully skimmers are they
both went through this great
I mean training method to say but now
you got extreme arena 4000 minerals I
knew that was gonna happen he has to get
a lot more hatcheries now and he's just
not able to do it he's just getting
pressured too hard by Pro Hardy just
taking too much fire and eventually he's
in a crack here I don't see him living
longer than a couple minutes just this
is just when he doesn't look at that
vessel mass that vessel counts the loans
already just continuing to get his base
going doing a great job just keeping his
macro going just slow and steady this is
nothing suspenders definitely officially
the GG yeah Marines never gonna break
this no gas 95 survive no Guardians are
never gonna be able to come out stop up
against more upgrades more mass more
macro to poor tech I mean he was just up
against the wall here and he's got a ggf
these guardians guys pretty much in
blast and they're all going to get a
ride
and then I would anticipate Marina Gigi
in the if ever he loses these Guardians
here and that's gonna happen right now
there's nothing you two against an
infinite structure
their marine left the games let's take a
game to